fix: `rpc_methods` return value (#129)
paritytech/json-rpc-interface-spec: src/api/rpc_methods.md

**Parameters**: *none*

**Return value**: A JSON object.

The JSON object returned by this function has the following format:

```
{
    "methods": [...]
}
```

Where:

> - `methods` contains an array of strings indicating the names of all the JSON-RPC functions supported by the JSON-RPC server, including this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `methods` contains an array of strings indicating the names of all the JSON-RPC functions supported by the JSON-RPC server, including `rpc_methods` itself.
```

"This one" is a bit less clear now

**Parameters**: *none*

> **Return value**: A plain JavaScript object with a single entry named "`methods`". This entry is an array of strings indicating the names of all the JSON-RPC functions supported by the JSON-RPC server, including this one.

Reviewer: What's a "JavaScript object"? This is spec is not about JavaScript

Reviewer: The spec has multiple examples of functions that return an object, see for example https://paritytech.github.io/json-rpc-interface-spec/api/archive_unstable_storage.html

Author: > What's a "JavaScript object"? This is spec is not about JavaScript

This is a **JSON** RPC spec.

JSON => JavaScript Object Notation

> JSON is built on two structures:

> A collection of name/value pairs. In various languages, this is realized as an object, record, struct, dictionary, hash table, keyed list, or associative array.

> An ordered list of values. In most languages, this is realized as an array, vector, list, or sequence.

Author: I changed it to match the other "return value" styles. However, I really don't see why you would be against a description that mentions a "JavaScript object", while at the same time being perfectly ok with a description that reads: 

> Return value: a Javascript Object Notation object...

The "beauty" of JSON is that it allows anyone to translate those notated JS objects into whichever data-structure works bes in their language. However, that doesn't change the fact that what it's representing is a JS object.
